fix(js_parser): allow a trailing comma in setters (#4324)
biomejs/biome: CHANGELOG.md

### Parser

#### New features

> - Add support for parsing the defer attribute in import statements ([#4215](https://github.com/biomejs/biome/issues/4215)).

Author: this pr finally merged again？

Reviewer: I don't remember merging a new PR about this. Maybe I am wrong.

Author: seems merged by other pr, i will delete here.

> - Fix [#4317](https://github.com/biomejs/biome/issues/4317), get accessors parameter can contain a trailing comma, the following example can be parsed correctly:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fix [#4317](https://github.com/biomejs/biome/issues/4317), setter parameter can contain a trailing comma, the following example will now be parsed correctly:
```

Author: updated~
